talented successful and swindled at the
height of her career Hillary Kramer was
left with only one asset a reluctant
fighter kidnapped yes yeah right around
the corner you can't miss him
oh you're the lady from Beverly Hills
I'm not a fighter
you're not a fighter do I look like a
fire no everybody's looking for the
great white oh right well kid not so
great there's not much
how many times I gotta tell you lady I'm
not a fighter anymore I'm a businessman
I don't have a contract on the
businessman have a contract on a fighter
stick it out is that a threat
what do you think I am a piece of meat
look let's just forget that ever
happened okay I got a memory like an
elephant about as much style kid I have
a person I have feelings I'm a man as a
matter of fact you can have great sex so
what are you could hate when it comes to
keeping comedy romantic a good fight
never hurts now would you mind taking
your hands off like Barbra Streisand's
kiss Ryan O'Neal looking for a short man
let me just give you one final tip okay
okay what I think it might help if you
put your trunks on it's more than a love
story it's AG love story
Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal are the
main event